Reword "expert" terminology in integration owner and documentation standards docs (#3175)
home-assistant/developers.home-assistant: docs/core/integration-quality-scale/rules/integration-owner.md

We love integration owners!
We believe that integrations that have an owner are better maintained.

> During reviews, we see the integration owner as the authority on the integration, and weigh their opinion higher than others.

Reviewer: They are the subject matter experts (SMEs). Could we leave the term as-is, in this specific case?

Author: ```suggestion
During reviews, we see the integration owner as the subject matter expert on the integration, and weigh their opinion higher than others.
```

> During reviews, we see the integration owner as the authority on the integration, and weigh their opinion higher than others.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During reviews, we see the integration owner as the subject matter expert on the integration, and weigh their opinion higher than others.
```
